docs: create crypto payment guide (#625)
fleek-platform/website: src/content/guides/crypto-payment-guide/index.md

---
title: 'How to Pay Your Fleek Plan with Crypto'
date: 2025-04-13
desc: 'Paying for your Fleek Plan using crypto is simple and only takes a few minutes. Follow the steps below to fund your account and activate your subscription."'
thumbnail: './paywithcrypto.png'
image: './paywithcrypto.png'
author:
  - 'Guillermo'
---

Paying for your **Fleek Plan using crypto** is simple and only takes a few minutes. Follow the steps below to fund your account and activate your subscription.

---

> ## **Step 1: Go to the AI Agents Tab**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Go to the AI Agents Tab
```

Navigate to the [AI Agents tab](https://fleek.xyz/agents/) from your Fleek dashboard.

> ![](./CPG-Step-1.png)

Reviewer 2: it's better for accessibility to add an alt text to this and the other images
```suggestion
![alt text here](./CPG-Step-1.png)
```

---

> ## **Step 2: Fund your Fleek Wallet**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Fund your Fleek Wallet
```

Click on the Fleek Funds Wallet icon located at the top right of the page.

![](./CPG-Step-2.png)

---

> ## **Step 3: Choose Amount and Payment Type**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Choose Amount and Payment Type
```

> - Select the amount you'd like to credit to your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose how much you'd like to add to your account.
```

- Make sure to choose **Crypto** as your payment method.

![](./CPG-Step-3.png)

---

> ## **Step 4: Enter Details and Select Currency**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Enter Details and Select Currency
```

Fill in your basic information, then choose your preferred currency and network for the payment.

![](./CPG-Step-4.png)

---

---

> ## **Step 5: Connect Your Wallet**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Connect Your Wallet
```

Connect your wallet (e.g., MetaMask, WalletConnect) to proceed with the payment.

![](./CPG-Step-5.png)

---

> ## **Step 6: Confirm Payment**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 6: Confirm Payment
```

> Double-check all your information, then confirm and complete the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review your details and confirm to complete the transaction.
```

![](./CPG-Step-6.png)

---

> ## **Step 7: Subscribe to a Plan**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 7: Subscribe to a Plan
```

> Once your account is funded, click **Subscribe** when prompted to upgrade your plan. This will subscribe to the plan you selected, with the credits from your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your account is funded, click **Subscribe** to finalize your plan upgrade using the account credits.
```
